rebel_type			Brigantes	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Brigantes
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type			Trinovantes	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt
chance				0					
description			Trinovantes
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Suebi		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Suebi
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Saxones		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Saxones
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Gepids		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt
chance				3					
description			Gepids
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Amazons		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Amazons
unit				rebel amazon chariots						
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Saka		// Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Saka
unit				east peasant
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Hibernians	//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Hibernians
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Alans		//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Alans
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Silures		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Silures	
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Goths		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Goths
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Sarmatians	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sarmatians
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Iceni		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Iceni	
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb chariot heavy slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Batavi		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Batavi	
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Chatti		//Germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Chatti
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Venedae		//dacians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Venedae
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Marcomanni	//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Marcomanni
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Belgae		//Britons
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Belgae
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Maeotae 	//Scythians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Maeotae
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Alamanni	//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Alamanni
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Carnutes		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Carnutes
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Veneti		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Veneti
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Sequani		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sequani
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Nervii		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Nervii
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

;rebel_type 			Belgae		//gauls
;category			peasant_revolt 
;chance				0					
;description			Belgae
;unit				barb peasant slave
;unit				barb infantry slave
;unit				barb naked fanatics slave
;unit				barb druids slave
;unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Arverni		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Arverni
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Bituriges		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Bituriges
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Ausci		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Ausci
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Allobroges		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Allobroges
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Seduni		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Seduni
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Tectosages		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Tectosages
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Treveri		//germans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Treveri
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Boii		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Boii
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Roxolani	//scythia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Roxolani
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Iazyges		// dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Iazyges
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Senones		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Senones
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Carpi		//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Carpi
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				merc bastarnae	
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Helvetii	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Helvetii
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Troglodytae	//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Troglodytae
unit				merc thracian
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
;unit				barbarian rebel general

rebel_type 			Scordisci	//dacia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Scordisci
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
						
rebel_type 			Bosphorans	//macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Bosphorans
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				barb horse archers slave
unit				generic rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Pictones	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Pictones
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Aedui		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Aedui
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb druids slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Colchians	//Armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Colchians
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east horse archer
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Medes		//Parthians
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Medes
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east horse archer
unit				east horse archer
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Insubres	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Insubres
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb noble cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general

;Duplicates of veneti. Can't remove as it breaks the save game
rebel_type 			VenetiII		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Veneti
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
									
rebel_type 			Vocontii	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Vocontii
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Breuci		//illyria
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Breuci
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barb archer slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
					
rebel_type 			Odrysae		//thrace
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Odrysae
unit				merc thracian
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				merc bastarnae	
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Iberians	//Spain
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Iberians
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Delmatae		//illyria
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Delmatae
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Volcae		//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Volcae
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Ligurians	//gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Ligurians
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb infantry slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Paphlagonians	//Pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Paphlagonians
unit				east peasant
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Paionians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Paionians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Etruscans	//romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Etruscans
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
					
rebel_type 			Umbrians	//romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Umbrians
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Beronicensis	//carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Beronicensis
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Latins		//Romans
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Latins
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Edones		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Edones
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Sithones	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sithones
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				merc thracian		
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Bithynians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Bithynians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				merc thracian		
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Galatians	//Gauls
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Galatians
unit				barb peasant slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb naked fanatics slave
unit				barb cavalry slave
unit				barbarian rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Cappadocians	//Pontus
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Cappadocians
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Epirots		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Epirots
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				merc illyrian	
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Calabrians	//romans_brutii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Calabrians
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				merc samnite
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Campanians 	//romans_scipii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Campanians
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman city militia
unit				roman hastati
unit				roman light cavalry
unit				merc samnite
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Syrians		//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Syrians
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east infantry
unit				east horse archer
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Lesbians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Lesbians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
						
					
rebel_type 			Cilicians	//Seleucid
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Cilicians
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				generic rebel general					
						
					
rebel_type 			Thessalians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Thessalians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
						
					
rebel_type 			Lucanians	//romans_brutii
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Lucanians
unit				roman peasant
unit				roman velite
unit				roman city militia
unit				merc samnite
unit				merc samnite
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Ionians		//seleucids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Ionians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Aetolians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Aetolians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Athenians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Athenians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Elamites	//Parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Elamites
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east heavy cavalry
unit				east horse archer
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Achaeans	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Achaeans
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Lycians		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Lycians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Sicani		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Sicani
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Moors		//numidia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Moors
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Palmyrans	//armenia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Palmyrans
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				east horse archer
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Cypriots	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Cypriots
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Phoenicians	//seleucids
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Phoenicians
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Syracusans	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Syracusans
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				greek cavalry
unit				greek medium cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Helots		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Helots
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Poeni		//Carthage
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Poeni
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				carthaginian peltast
unit				carthaginian city militia
unit				carthaginian infantry
unit				carthaginian cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Rhodians	//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Rhodians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek heavy peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				merc rhodian slingers
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Nabataeans	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Nabataeans
unit				east peasant
unit				east archer
unit				east infantry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Cretans		//macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Cretans
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek hoplite militia
unit				greek hoplite
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				merc cilician pirate
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Judaeans	//parthia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				6					
description			Judaeans
unit				east archer
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				rebel judaean zealots
unit				eastern rebel general
					
rebel_type 			Gaetuli		//Numidia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3					
description			Gaetuli
unit				carthaginian peasant
unit				numidian javelinmen
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				numidian cavalry
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Libyans		//Macedon
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				0					
description			Libyans
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peasant
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian peltast
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian archer
unit				egyptian chariot
unit				generic rebel general					
					
rebel_type 			Illyrians		//macedonia
category			peasant_revolt 
chance				3				
description			Illyrians
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peasant
unit				greek peltast
unit				greek cavalry
unit				merc illyrian	
unit				merc illyrian	
unit				generic rebel general					
					
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;				
;non region			based
;;;;;;;;;;;;		;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;
					
rebel_type			gladiator_uprising
category			gladiator_revolt
chance				100
description			gladiator_uprising
unit				roman peasant		
unit				roman peasant		
unit				roman velite gladiator	
unit				roman samnite gladiator	
unit				roman mirmillo gladiator
					
rebel_type			brigands
category			brigands
chance				50
description			brigands
unit				merc peltast		
unit				merc illyrian	
unit				merc samnite
unit				merc thracian		
unit				merc bastarnae	
unit				merc sarmatian cavalry
unit				merc horse archers
unit				merc spanish infantry
unit				merc eastern infantry
unit				merc rhodian slingers
unit				merc cretan archers
unit				merc greek hoplites
unit				merc libyan infantry
unit				merc numidian cavalry
unit				merc arab cavalry
unit				merc bedouin
unit				merc bedouin archers
unit				merc balearic slingers
unit				merc barbarian infantry
unit				merc barbarian cavalry		
					
rebel_type			pirates
category			pirates
chance				50
description			pirates
unit				naval pirate ships		
					
					